Didn't my dad say we could go to the sky in one step?
What the hell is going on?
My Zhou Gong Luoming
Welcome Mr. Xue Zhilong to the Golden Dragon Award Reception
Why did he kneel? What happened?
Why is that?
No no impossible
Golden Dragon Awards Today
It is specially designed for Mr. Xue Zhilong
Therefore, this position should be taken by Mr. Xue Zhilong
If you are not satisfied
You can come to me.
If you dare
Why since even Mr. Gong is kneeling in front of him?
Even the Golden Dragon Award is for him
No way he's just a stinky delivery guy
How could it be possible to set up a Golden Dragon Award for him?
dream butterfly dream butterfly
I set up Jinlongjiang for you
You can be a hero tonight
Hot star
I did all this for you
Brother, let me go
They lie to you.
You don't deserve to be in this place
You delivery guy
Women want to live
Get me down from that position